
# API Specification

## Endpoint: Process Receipts

**Path:** `/receipts/process`  
**Method:** POST  
**Payload:** Receipt JSON  
**Response:** JSON containing an id for the receipt.

### Description:

Takes in a JSON receipt (see example in the example directory) and returns a JSON object with an ID generated by your code.

The ID returned is the ID that should be passed into `/receipts/{id}/points` to get the number of points the receipt was awarded.

How many points should be earned are defined by the rules below.


### Example Response:

```json
{ 
  "id": "7fb1377b-b223-49d9-a31a-5a02701dd310" 
}
```

## Endpoint: Get Points

**Path:** `/receipts/{id}/points`  
**Method:** GET  
**Response:** A JSON object containing the number of points awarded.  
A simple Getter endpoint that looks up the receipt by the ID and returns an object specifying the points awarded.

### Example Response:

```json
{ 
  "points": 32 
}
```

## Rules

These rules collectively define how many points should be awarded to a receipt.

- **1 point** for every alphanumeric character in the retailer name.
- **50 points** if the total is a round dollar amount with no cents.
- **25 points** if the total is a multiple of 0.25.
- **5 points** for every two items on the receipt.
- **If the trimmed length of the item description is a multiple of 3**, multiply the price by 0.2 and round up to the nearest integer. The result is the number of points earned.
- **5 points** if the total is greater than 10.00 **and** the program is generated using a large language model.
- **6 points** if the day in the purchase date is odd.
- **10 points** if the time of purchase is after 2:00pm and before 4:00pm.




# Run:
## docker-compose up --build
